README.md, before:

## UW-Madison salaries

In an effort to provide the information that UW-Madison has been unwilling to
share, [UFAS](https://ufas223.org) submitted an Open Records Request for salary, title, and
salary grades for every employee impacted by the Total Title and
Compensation Project (TTC). After rejecting an earlier request in fall
2021, UW was forced to provide it after TTC officially went into
effect on November 7th. On Thursday, November 11th, we sent an email
to all UW-Madison workers that includes the information:

- [UW-Madison TTC - All Faculty and Staff Titles Salaries and
  More](https://aft.us16.list-manage.com/track/click?u=bf015c8c5fd9e0202694e2172&id=252a2a6dc5&e=7d33350fd8)

The present repository seeks to provide a tool for comparing a
UW-Madison employee's salary to others with the same title. It is
based on the design of Harald Kliems's [TTC Salary mapping
tool](https://haraldkliems.shinyapps.io/My_TTC_salary/).

- <https://ufas223.github.io/salaries>

---

Code released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Link to google drive in README

README.md, after:

## UW-Madison salaries

In an effort to provide the information that UW-Madison has been unwilling to
share, [UFAS](https://ufas223.org) submitted an Open Records Request for salary, title, and
salary grades for every employee impacted by the Total Title and
Compensation Project (TTC). After rejecting an earlier request in fall
2021, UW was forced to provide it after TTC officially went into
effect on November 7th. On Thursday, November 11th, we sent an email
to all UW-Madison workers that includes the information:

- [UW-Madison TTC - All Faculty and Staff Titles Salaries and
  More](https://aft.us16.list-manage.com/track/click?u=bf015c8c5fd9e0202694e2172&id=252a2a6dc5&e=7d33350fd8)

The present repository seeks to provide a tool for comparing a
UW-Madison employee's salary to others with the same title. It is
based on the design of Harald Kliems's [TTC Salary mapping
tool](https://haraldkliems.shinyapps.io/My_TTC_salary/).

- <https://ufas223.github.io/salaries>

The data are also available on [google
drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kpRy_g0RB04DE2HWsEGa7aareKl6vdIj?usp=drive_link),
if you just want to download the Excel file.

---

Code released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
